TODO: Complete the following after you have COMPLETED your project.

1. You are required to make a video for your project, as described in detail at:
     https://docs.google.com/document/d/13O-pElAg8XwNEMFnpGXIvYZYg82xIaMHytRhTE3PHKs/edit?usp=sharing

   Be sure that your video meets the requirements per the above link!
   Be sure that your video is visible to your instructors!

   What is the URL of your video?

    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqlU_0pAliY


2. List the names of the team members for your project.

     Ishii Daichi, Siddarth Peddi, Tulsi C Manohar

3. Explain briefly what your project does and how it works.

    Our project is a one player game based on Snake, the object of the game is to collect all the fish on the board after each fish is collected the avatar
	gets one unit longer. The game ends when no more fish can spawn on the board because the length of the avatar is
	greater than 10. The avatar can be controlled by the player using the arrow keys to move the avatar up, down, left, and right.
	If the player does not touch any of the keys the avatar continues to move in its original direction.
	By using the arrow keys or by allowing the avatar to continue moving forward, the
	player must avoid running into the sides of board or into the obstacle as this results
	in the game ending. As the avatar moves to collect the fish both the player’s score and its length increase.


4. List the names of the classes in your project,
   identifying who was the primary author(s) for each.

    controller.py - Siddarth
    Fish.py - Siddarth
    Game.py - Siddarth, Ishii, Tulsi
    main.py - Siddarth, Tulsi
    Obstacle.py - Tulsi
    ScoreBoard.py - Siddarth
    Snake.py - Ishii
    View.py - Tulsi

5. List the essential features of your game, as written in your
   Project Description, identifying who was the primary author(s) for each.
   (For features that you did not implement, if any, indicate so.)

    Essential Features
    Moving avatar - Ishii
    Score Tally- Siddarth
    Background music - Siddarth
    Fish to collect to increase score - Siddarth

6. List the additional features of your game that you implemented,
   identifying who was the primary author(s) for each.

   Hit and Miss sound effects - Siddarth
   Different fonts - Tulsi
   Start Screen - Tulsi
   Obstacles - Tulsi
   Victory Screen - Siddarth

7. List the external modules (libraries) that you used.
     -- That is, list all the modules in IMPORT statements in your project.
     -- But do NOT include here the modules that you listed in #3 above,
          since they are INTERNAL to your project.

     None

8. List all media items (images, music, other graphics, etc)
   that are not your own, and their sources (e.g. URLs).
   [If you no longer know the source, indicate so.]

   crash.wav, ding.wav are from freesound.org
   Main Theme.wav is from the video game Wii Sports

9. [Optional] Add anything here that would help us assess your
   project fairly, beyond what you already said/showed in your video.

    We used an internal font "Comicsansms" for the on screen text.
